Are you jealous?
Why would I be jealous?
I'm just mad you're a bad delivery guy who
flirts with customers.
Work ethic matters.
Does it bother you?
Uh, stop trying to be slick and get back to work.
Well, we picked up so many at once.
There must be a robot arm under here, right?
Let me see.
I have a surprise for you.
My grandma called and she's so happy that we just got married.
I want to take you to my family dinner mom.
But you're just fake.
Fake?
So what?
You're just going to use me and ghost me?
No, no, no, I said I'd pay him.
Please honey, I was the least favorite child growing up
and my grandma she only cares about my brothers.
Nobody ever thought I'd get married to a beautiful girl like you.
Damn it.
I'll go with you tomorrow and I'll show you that no one in this world
will you, except for me.
You're the best, babe.
Alright, can you put me down?
Wait, I bet I can't carry you all the way home just like this.